Added API to convert time to coordinate and vice versa (#451)
tradingview/lightweight-charts: docs/time-scale.md

chart.timeScale().fitContent();
```

### timeToCoordinate

Converts a time to local `x` coordinate.

> The argument is a [Time](./time.md) value needs to be converted to coordinate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The argument is [Time](./time.md) that needs to be converted to a coordinate.
```

Returns `x` coordinate of a bar with passed time or `null` if no bar found.

```javascript
chart.timeScale().timeToCoordinate('1990-04-24');
```

### coordinateToTime

Converts `x` coordinate to [Time](./time.md).

> The argument is a `x` coordinate needs to be converted to a time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The argument is `x` coordinate that needs to be converted to a time.
```

> Returns the [Time](./time.md) of a bar that placed on passed coordinate or `null` if no bar found at this coordinate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns [Time](./time.md) of a bar that is located on the passed coordinate or `null` if there is no bars at that coordinate.
```
